ITSDSA512 Specification
1. This Digital Signature Algorith has the following proof: https://github.com/Money-2021/VaultedObjects/blob/main/Proof
2. Algotitm is set to : ITSDSA512
3. Signature Hash is SHAKE256 with a hash size of 64 bytes
4. Key size is 64 bytes or 512 bits or (Cryptographicly Secure bit stream). Key min-entropy is 512 bits.
5. The Authetication algorith is a keys hash as defined by Poly1305
6. Signature Size is fixed at 64 + 16 or 80 bytes (Cryptographicly Secure bit stream QRNG XOR QRNG = QRNG)
7. Key Identifier are Secure Identity bound and represented as an unsigned long
8. No keys are stored, each signature is determinist and each signature key is used once (One Shot Digital Signature).

9. Process
a) The 'To be signed data' is hashed as per 3 above
b) The 64 byte Cryptographicly Secure key is derived from a normalised QRND 64 byte (TRNG) seed.
c) The output is processed via the key in b) via an authenticated 'Vernan Cipher' (Vernan 64 byte + Poly1305 16 byte) to produce the 80 byte signature.
d) Each signature must be crpyogrphically bound to a unique secure identoty via a publised Key Identifier(kid), 
this kid shall determiniostically re-generate the orignal key in b) upon demand to verify the Signature.


Notes
1. Kerckhoffs principle, ITSDSA512 signatures are unconditional secure by ensuring an attacker gains no information about the signature, even with unlimited computational resources and time, as long as the 'key' remain secret.
2. An ITS-KMS provides the ablity to create and recreate (shannon defined min-entropy) keys upon demand without the need to store any (Cryptographicly Secure bit stream). 
3. Withn the reference deployment key seeds are Medley vectors, a set of BigInts which are then compressed into a single 64 byte seed for processing by a cryptogrphically secure Key Genmerator(KG).
4. We define the notion of one-shot signatures, which are signatures where any secret key can be used to sign only a single message, and then self-destructs. 
5. The One Shot Signature overcomes the limitations related to symetrical key (no public keys)  based signature schemessuch as HMAC. The "One-Shot Signature" electronic signatures provides non-repudiation with maximum legal and security guarantees.
ITSDSA512 is in according to the eIDAS regulation, the highest level of electronic signatures, which enjoy the maximum legal guarantees, as long as the key remains secret and is never reused or stored.
